README.md, before:

# Augment Codes

This is the landing page concept for Augment Code, an AI code generation developer tool for enterprise engineering teams.

Augment's understanding of your codebase and dependencies removes the toil in your day, so you can experience the joy of coding.

## Live Demo

Check out the landing page: [Augment Code](https://cursor-azure.vercel.app/)

## Features

- Landing page with interactive hero section featuring a blinking robot animation on hover
- User testimonials carousel

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/augment-codes.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd augment-codes
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the application.

## Built With

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - The React framework used
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - For styling
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - For type-safe code
- [Cursor AI](https://www.cursor.so/) - AI-powered code editor
- [Claude 3.5 Sonnet](https://www.anthropic.com) - Advanced AI model for natural language processing

## Feature Requests

Here are some features that are being considered for future updates:

- Add a demonstration animation video of the product. e.g user using augment code editor to generate unit tests for a given code snippet
- Add a scrolling logo banner component for all current partners

### How to Request a Feature

We welcome feature requests from the community! If you have an idea for a new feature or improvement:

1. Go to the [Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/augment-codes/issues) tab of this repository.
2. Click on "New Issue".
3. Choose "Feature request" if available, or use a blank issue.
4. Provide a clear title and detailed description of the feature you'd like to see.
5. Submit the issue.

Your request will be reviewed and considered for future development. Thank you for helping make Augment Code better!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

- This project is a clone of the [Augment Code](https://www.augmentcode.com/) website, created for educational purposes and to showcase web development skills.
- The original design and concept belong to Augment Code.
- Additional features, modifications, and improvements are my own work.
- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Augment Code.

## Screenshots

### Landing Page
![Landing Page Top Section](src/images/augment-landingpage1.png)

![Landing Page Bottom Section](src/images/augment-landingpage2.png)

Commit message:

update readme with new landing page screenshots and hosting section for vercel

README.md, after:

# Augment Code

Augment Code is a web application that helps developers write better code faster using AI-powered suggestions and code completion.

## Built With

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - The React framework for production
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typed JavaScript at Any Scale
- [Cursor AI](https://www.cursor.so/) - AI-powered code editor
- [Claude 3.5 Sonnet](https://www.anthropic.com) - Advanced AI model for natural language processing

## Hosting

This website is hosted on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), a cloud platform for static sites and Serverless Functions.

## Live Demo

Check out the landing page: [Augment Code](https://cursor-azure.vercel.app/)

## Features

- Landing page with interactive hero section featuring a blinking robot animation on hover
- User testimonials carousel

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/augment-codes.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd augment-codes
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the application.

## Built With

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - The React framework used
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - For styling
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - For type-safe code
- [Cursor AI](https://www.cursor.so/) - AI-powered code editor
- [Claude 3.5 Sonnet](https://www.anthropic.com) - Advanced AI model for natural language processing

## Feature Requests

Here are some features that are being considered for future updates:

- Add a demonstration animation video of the product. e.g user using augment code editor to generate unit tests for a given code snippet
- Add a scrolling logo banner component for all current partners

### How to Request a Feature

We welcome feature requests from the community! If you have an idea for a new feature or improvement:

1. Go to the [Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/augment-codes/issues) tab of this repository.
2. Click on "New Issue".
3. Choose "Feature request" if available, or use a blank issue.
4. Provide a clear title and detailed description of the feature you'd like to see.
5. Submit the issue.

Your request will be reviewed and considered for future development. Thank you for helping make Augment Code better!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

- This project is a clone of the [Augment Code](https://www.augmentcode.com/) website, created for educational purposes and to showcase web development skills.
- The original design and concept belong to Augment Code.
- Additional features, modifications, and improvements are my own work.
- This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Augment Code.

## Screenshots

### Landing Page
![Landing Page Top Section](src/images/augment-landingpage1.png)

![Landing Page Top Section](src/images/augment-landingpage3.png)

![Landing Page Bottom Section](src/images/augment-landingpage2.png)

![Landing Page Bottom Section](src/images/augment-landingpage4.png)
